What's the matter? You're looking at me?
The most handsome man in the world is not obsessed
What kind of man charms you?
The boss fan is here.
What powder to fry
Don't feed me
Ah, what's the matter, big brothers?
Do you want me to blow the protection fee in person?
Ah, no.
This has doubled before
We really can't afford it.
This bowl of powder costs more than ten yuan each.
You have to fry more than 400 powders with 5,000 yuan protection fee
Can you have less?
Big brother, don't stay here
Hurry up and go out of town
What are you?
Isn't such a big movement enough to attract your attention?
Ah, when I eat
I don't like to be disturbed.
Is that right? Then I'm going to mess with you today.
Yeah, don't you want to eat it? Let me eat it
Big brother, hurry up and go
My husband is going to kill someone
Pardon me?
He wants to kill
Hahahaha
Crazy, he still has chopsticks in his hands
Cut off his hand for me first. It's starling